Allow per cluster upgrades (#1778)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: README.md

On unexpected failures the command will try to perform a rollback when possible to ensure that the environment continues to function.

```bash
./bin/ck8s upgrade both vX.Y prepare

> ./bin/ck8s upgrade both vX.Y apply

Author: Hmm, I feel like this could be a nice change as to keep it backwards compatible, but I also feel like the commands should follow the same standard (to some degree) which currently would be taking `<wc|sc>` (and `both` in this case) as an argument, but I am conflicted. If anyone else has a preference on this let me know

> ./bin/ck8s upgrade both vX.Y apply

Reviewer: I agree with Anders. It make the cli feel more standardised and the upgrade per cluster more of a feature rather than hacky exception.

> ./bin/ck8s upgrade both vX.Y apply

Reviewer 2: Sorry, this exposes my time away from the project. :smile: I completely forgot that the cluster name was a common argument in the CLI for other commands.

Nice work!

```

> [!NOTE]

> > It is possible to upgrade `wc` and `sc` clusters separately by replacing `both` when running the `upgrade` command, e.g. the following will only upgrade the workload cluster:
> > ```bash
> > ./bin/ck8s upgrade wc vX.Y prepare
> > ./bin/ck8s upgrade wc vX.Y apply

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> It is possible to upgrade `wc` and `sc` clusters separately by setting the environment variable `CK8S_CLUSTER` when running the `upgrade` command, e.g. the following will only upgrade the workload cluster:
> ```bash
> export CK8S_CLUSTER=wc
> ./bin/ck8s upgrade vX.Y prepare
> ./bin/ck8s upgrade vX.Y apply
```
